=== Перевод (ru ➜ en) ===
Chairman of the Court Moon. Kishinev
Are you. Kisinev, ul. N. Zellinsky, 13
Phone: (022) 52 -20-21, 52 -76-13; 53 -54-05
Email: jchisinau@justice.md
From Macheret Alexey Arthur
Disabled person of the 1st group
IDNP: 20000001159655
Moon. Chisinau, st. A. Doga, 30, apt. 38
Application - request.
I ask you as an adopted person for the purpose of protection
personal data, respectively, Law No. 133 - and
attached agenda - please mark - about
termination of dos dumb - to the materials - related to - to
the secret of adoption of Macheret Alexey Arthur.
Please make extracts from the journals - requests - regarding
persons - legal entities and individuals - so that it becomes available - who,
when and for what purpose - requested - data - about closed
meetings.
By virtue of the law on registration of divorces complicated - acts
adoption or adoption - such materials - stored - in
the power of “secrets - acts” and these materials have the right to access -
only participants in the process.
Such meetings were held behind closed doors.
Due to the fact that the interests of the minor Macchais
represented by Markov Ivan Mikhailovich - I ask you to make an Archive -
extract - in what capacity - acted - my guardian, how
necessary - condition - for the protection of the Rights - of the adopted person
- scheduled for November 17, 2022 - of the year - Appeal
Hearing - in the case - about the deprivation of rights and discovery -
inheritance case against an object or premises - where
circumstance of receiving a warrant from a cooperative housing cooperative as
times and participated - the Law on Adoption and Receipt
premises was associated with severe illness Macheret - that
in itself, the receipt or distribution excluded - rights
inherited object - so far alive Makshte - Alexey.
The only exception was movable property.
This happened - that after the death of Markov and Baskov - in
regarding rights to an object of private property or
the owner of Macchais - by deception - ships and using the law on
inherited - first line - “kinship” - was assigned -
the premises that have become inherited during the period
divorce - due to young age and in order to protect the “secrets”
adoption ”from a minor Macchaet - and as a result
obtaining US citizenship and losing contact with the first
the adoptive parent and the death of Markova Galina - opened
real circumstances - when Macheret Alexey is forced
was to open an inheritance case about gaining access to the archive
Markova.
So they were discovered - the violations became
confirmation of the attached Resolution - on Macheret - in
the order of the successor. - Markova.
As a result, which has become only now - famous -
circumstances of fraud in order to close -
hereditary Case on Alexei's Macheret since 1979 - Macheret
Alexander Veniaminovich.
Thus, with the aim of evidence that in relation to the case - about
inheritance from 1979 opened - in the name of Macheret - cannot be
executed in accordance with the fact that those who discovered the illegal
Another hereditary case - excluded Macchaet Alexei -
made him “missing in action” or can be considered a Case
About the "who retired from the living" - since - the opening of the hereditary
Cases - related to real estate - Markova and
Basques - could only take place to be legal only
subject to the death of Alexey Macheret - during -
minority - as not burdened with obligations -
inherited property and funds.
Markova remained alive, could not follow the rights of Macchais
from 1979 due to the divorce between Markova
Galina (Matiyuk) and Macheret Arthur Borisovich.
I ask you to contact Macchaet Aleksey - when an archive file
journal extracts - indicating access - will be detected until 17
November 202 2 years - appointed by performers - this
Request.
For further clarification, please contact
Email and phones:
House. 022 -49-22-90 and
Mob. 079 -902 -963
I ask you to inform immediately about the archival file found!
To search for a file - attached files are attached to this
upon request - PDF files.
10/30/2022 MACHET