APOSTILLE (Convention de La Haye du 5 octobre 1961)

1. Statul: Country / Pays :

Republica Moldova

Prezentul act oficial This public document / Le present acte public

2. a fost semnat de ctre has been signed by a ete signe par

Sacenco Valentina

3. in calitatea sa de acting in the capacity of agissant en qualite de

functionar

4. i poarta sigiliul/tampila bears the seal / stamp of est revetu du sceau / timbre de

Institutia Publica "Agentia Servicii Publice" Chisinau

Confirmat Certified / Atteste

5. la Agenia Resurse Informaionale Juridice
at / a

6. pe data 04-07-2022 the / le

7. de ctre Mirzac Iuliana by / par

8. cu nr. 7R0W7XAY9OFH2 No sous no

9. Nu se aplic: Not applicable : Pas aplicable :

10. Semntura digital: Digital signature : Signature numťrique :

Aceast Apostil certific autenticitatea semnturii, calitatea Ón care semnatarul a acionat i, dac este cazul, identitatea sigiliului sau a tampilei
Aceast Apostil nu certific coninutul documentului pentru care a fost emis [Utilizarea acestei apostile nu este valabil Ón Republica Moldova]
[Aceast apostil este semnat digital ipoate fi verificat la urmtoarea adres: www.apostila.gov.md]
Codul de siguran:2013074469061

This Apostille only certifies the authenticity of the signature and the capacity of the person who has signed the public document, and,
where appropriate, the identity of the seal or stamp which the public document bears.This Apostille only certifies the authenticity of the signature and the capacity of the person who has signed the public document, and, This Apostille does not certify the content of the document for which it was issued. [This Apostille is not valid for use anywhere within Republic of Moldova] [This Apostille is digitally signed and can be verified on the following address: www.apostila.gov.md]
Security code:2013074469061

Cette Apostille atteste uniquement la vťracitť de la signature, la qualitť en laquelle le signataire de l'acte a agi et, le cas ťchťant, l'identitť du sceau ou timbre dont cet acte public est revÍtu.
Cette Apostille ne certifie pas le contenu de l'acte pour lequel elle a ťtť ťmise. [L'utilisation de cette Apostille n'est pas valable en Rťpublique de Moldova]
[Cette Apostilleest signťe numťrique et peut Ítre vťrifiťe ŗ l'adresse suivante: www.apostila.gov.md]

Digitally signed by MÓrzac Iuliana Date: 2022.07.05 09:18:52 EEST Reason: MoldSign Signature Location: Moldova

Code de sťcuritť:2013074469061

Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)

