APOSTILLE
(Convention de La Haye du 5 octobre 1961)

1. Statul:
Country / Pays

I

Prezentul act oficial

This public document/ Le present acte public

Republica Moldova

Q

 -..

2. a fost semnat de ctre
has been signed by a ete signe par

Cotruta Ecaterina

3. in calitatea sa de
acting in the capacity of agissant en qualite de

Ofiter superior

4. i poarta slglllul/tamplla
bears the seal / stamp of est revetu du sceau / timbre de

Penitenciarul nr. 4, Cricova

Confirmat
Certified / Atteste

5. la Agenia Resurse nformaionale Juridice
at / a

6. pe data 07-02-2022 the / le

7. de ctre Valeriu Frimu by / par

8. cu nr. CI6P9821GWFR5 No sous no

9. Nu se aplic:
Not applicable Pas aplicable

10. Semntura digital:

Digital signature

.

Signature numerique

Aceast Apostil certific autenticitatea semnturii, calitatea ¯n care semnatarul a acionat i, dac este cazul, identitatea

sigiliului sau a tampilei

À

Aceast Apostil nu certific coninutul documentului pentru care a fost emis

[Utilizarea acestei apostile nu este valabil ¯n Republica Moldova]

[Aceast apostil este semnat digital ipoate fi verificat la urmtoarea adres: www apostila goy md]

Codul de siguran:2013074232763

This Apostille only certifies the authenticity of the signature and the capacity of the person who has signed the public document, and,
where appropriate, the identity of the seal or stamp which the public document bears.This Apostille only certifies the authenticity of the signature and the capacity of the person who has signed the public document, and, This Apostille does not certify the content of the document for which it was issued. [This Apostille is not valid for use anywhere within Republic of Moldova] [This Apostille is digitally signed and can be verified on the following address: www apostila gov,mdl
Security code:2013074232763

Cette Apostille atteste uniquement la veracite de la signature, la qualite en laquelle le signataire de l'acte a agi et, le cas echeant, l'identite du sceau ou timbre dont cet acte public est revetu.
Cette Apostille ne certifie pas le contenu de l'acte pour lequel elle a ete emise.
a [L'utilisation de cette Apostille n'est P.as valable en Republique de Moldova]
[Cette Apostilleest signee numerique et peut etr li À l'adresse suivante: www.apostila.gov mdJ

RDDeaigateist:oa2nll0:y2Ms2io.g0lnd3eS.1di6gbny14SF:ir5gi8nm:a2ut0uVrEe ET de sec Location: Moldova

74232763

